package:de.komoot.android



1. Test Scenario --> check UI of the launch screen is as per the design

Test Steps:
	i.   Verify komoot logo & Caption exist.
	ii.  Verify signup options,(facebook & gmail buttons).
	iii. Veirfy terms of service link exist.
	iv.  Verify Existing user login options(have an account & Login) 
	v.   Verify clickOnTermsOfServiceLink redirecting to new screen
	vi.  Tap on back button and redirection to home screen 
	vii  Tap on facebook which redirected to facebook login page
	viii. Close the facebook web page & check komoot home page loaded 
	ix.  Tap on email button and check the continue with
	x.   Tap back key and check Sign up screen is loaded home screen loaded   

2. Test Scenario --> Verify user able to loginto the app

Test Steps:

	i.  verify user name field is exit
	ii.  verify passwoed firled is exist
    iii. verify login button is exist
    iv.   Verify forgot password link is available
    v.    Enter email addree
	vi.   Enter password
	vii.  Tap login button and & it should be success
	viii. Verify after successful login user redirected to home screen
	
3. Test Scenario --> Home page UI elements are displayed as per the design 

	i.   Verify Discover Menu displayed
	ii.  Verify Map Menu displayed
	iii. Verify plan Menu displayed
	iv.  Verify Profile Menu displayed
	v.   Verify Region Menu displayed
	vi.  Verify Region Menu displayed
	vii. Check profile icon redirecting to account screen
	vii. Check plan icon redirecting to Trip planning screen	
	vii. Check Discover icon redirecting to Discover activities screen

4. Test Scenario -->  check user profile page has valid user details 
	i.   Navigate to home screen & tap on profile icon
	ii.  verify the profile Name displayed
	iii. verify the number of followers displayed
	iv.  verify the number of followings displayed
    v.	 Verify the follwers & follwing text displayed
	vi.   Verify the No tour button text displayed   
    vii.  Verify Find friend link redirecting to next page
	
5. Test Scenario -->  check user able to find new trips around the disired location using search Options
   i.	Navigate to home screen & tap on Plan icon
   ii.  verify Plan & activties are loaded
   iii. Enter start location & select the location from the results
   iv.  Enter the Destination location & select the location from the results
   v.   Search the availble trips in the entered locations
   vi.  Verify the search results are found
   
   
   
		
   